Consolidate reviews (#105)
aaronpeikert/bayes-prereg: reviews.Rmd

authors        : "Aaron Peikert, Maximilian S. Ernst & Andreas M. Brandmaier"
journal        : "Meta-Psychology"
manuscript-id  : "4139"
cutout-quotes  : true
class          : "draft"
output         : papaja::revision_letter_pdf
manuscript-src : manuscript.Rmd
---

Dear Dr. Rickard Carlsson,

thank you very much for taking the time to consider our manuscript for publication at _`r rmarkdown::metadata$journal`_.
In the following we address your and each reviewers'/editors' concerns point-by-point.

All changes of the manuscript since this review can be viewed on GitHub:

[https://github.com/aaronpeikert/bayes-prereg/compare/v0.2.0...main](https://github.com/aaronpeikert/bayes-prereg/compare/v0.2.0...main#diff-a9a4aad3fa8c9c10c5404b632bc3a01a25d2d8430eb932bc35c76769963e4b70)

> For Daniel Laken's review we took the liberty to additionally include a high level summary, since we found it, at times, hard to follow the different interwoven discussions.

Reviewer: make it less judgemental?

```suggestion
Concerning Daniel Laken's review, we took the liberty to provide a high level summary of his main points because they are repeated across different subdiscussions throughout his letter.
```

We took special care to change the manuscript in response to his summary of suggestions (RC \@ref(pt:change-start) to RC \@ref(pt:change-end)).

> Due to a technical issue, the citations in the manuscript excerpts in this letter do not work correctly (they are correct in the manuscript, however).

Reviewer: is there no way to fix this? What is the technical issue? A bug?

> # Daniel Lakens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Reviewer 1: Daniel Lakens
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We begin with a summarizing our understanding of Daniel Lakens philosophical position, his main points of criticisim and our general take on how to address these issues. Thereafter, we will provide point-by-point responses in the usual style of response letters.
```

> Lakens and our own positions on preregistration built upon two long standing traditions in philosophy of science, namely inductionist and anti-inductionist, that differ fundamentally in their core assumptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lakens and our own positions on preregistration fundamentally differ. Yet, they each build upon two long standing traditions in philosophy of science, namely _inductionist_ and _anti-inductionist_, which differ fundamentally in their core assumptions. We believe that a lot of seemingly critical points raised by Daniel Lakens can simply be traced back to differences in these philosophical stances and thus cannot be resolved in the various sub points he raised. 
```

> * Our Response: The Bayesian rational considers theoretical risk and detectability simultaneously a priori. From a severity perspective, either Type I or Type II, never both, is considered post hoc, depending on the test results and if the research hypothesis is H1 or H2. 

Reviewer: Please clarify this sentence "From a severity perspective,..." What is H1 or H2 here? What is posthoc here?

Author: ```suggestion
* Our Response: The Bayesian rational considers theoretical risk and detectability simultaneously a priori. From a severity perspective, either Type I or Type II, never both, is considered post hoc (i.e., after a test result was obtained from data) depending on the test results and if the research hypothesis is H0 or H1. 
```
